README.md, before:

# Bank Demo Application
Spring Boot app to support a web application that allows an user to view transactions on any of the accounts they hold.

# Requirement Assumptions
- All Transactions in a Account of a particular Currency Type will be of the same Currency Type
- Users can query Transactions for a particular account (or) across all Accounts


# Technical decisions
- We are not depending on Database to generate unique identifiers for Account and Transaction entities

# Entities
- User
- Account
- Transaction

# Frameworks, Technologies, Architectures leveraged
- Spring boot
- Spring boot Web
- REST architecture
- Spring Data JPA
- Hibernate
- H2 Database
- Lombok
- Slf4j
- Mockito
- Junit5

# REST endpoints
- Account List: GET http://localhost:8080/accounts
- Account Transaction List: GET http://localhost:8080/account/585309209/transactions

### Account List
- Account List: GET http://localhost:8080/accounts 200
```json
{
    "status": "SUCCESS",
    "errors": null,
    "pagination": {
        "offset": 0,
        "limit": 10,
        "totalCount": 1
    },
    "accounts": [
        {
            "accountNumber": "585309209",
            "accountName": "SGSavings726",
            "accountType": "SAVINGS",
            "balanceDate": "2018-11-08",
            "currency": "SGD",
            "openingAvailableBalance": 84327.51
        }
    ]
}
```
### Account Transaction List
- Account Transaction List: GET http://localhost:8080/account/585309209/transactions 200
```json
{
    "status": "SUCCESS",
    "errors": null,
    "pagination": {
        "offset": 0,
        "limit": 100,
        "totalCount": 1
    },
    "transactions": [
        {
            "transactionId": "1",
            "accountName": "SGSavings726",
            "accountNumber": "585309209",
            "currency": "SGD",
            "valueDate": "2012-01-02",
            "amount": 9540.98,
            "transactionType": "CREDIT",
            "transactionNarrative": ""
        }
    ]
}
```

- Account Transaction List: GET http://localhost:8080/account/585309209/transactions 401
```json
{
    "status": "ERROR",
    "errors": [
        {
            "errorCode": "ACCOUNT_ACCESS_DENIED",
            "errorMessage": "You do not have permission to access this account.",
            "errorDetail": "User=2 doesn't have permission to access Account=585309209"
        }
    ],
    "pagination": null,
    "transactions": []
}
```
# Postman collection

# Unit Tests
- Unit tests are written, can be executed from Intellij or CLI
```
mvn test
```

# Integration Tests
````
mvn test -Pintegration-tests
````

# TODO
- Add more logs for Splunk for better Observability & Monitoring
- Leverage Spring security
- Implement Pagination
- Add more data to H2 Database

Commit message:

Updating Postman collection and H2 console in Readme

README.md, after:

# Bank Demo Application
Spring Boot app to support a web application that allows an user to view transactions on any of the accounts they hold.

# Requirement Assumptions
- All Transactions in a Account of a particular Currency Type will be of the same Currency Type
- Users can query Transactions for a particular account (or) across all Accounts


# Technical decisions
- We are not depending on Database to generate unique identifiers for Account and Transaction entities

# Entities
- User
- Account
- Transaction

# H2 Database console
- Use below console (after Starting the application) to connect to the Database and view the inserted data.
- http://localhost:8080/h2-console
- Username: sa
- Password: macquarie

# REST endpoints
- After starting Application, you can hit below REST Endpoints (you can use Postman collection from [here](./API_Testing.postman_collection.json))
- Account List: GET http://localhost:8080/accounts
- Account Transaction List: GET http://localhost:8080/account/585309209/transactions

### Account List
- Account List: GET http://localhost:8080/accounts 200
```json
{
    "status": "SUCCESS",
    "errors": null,
    "pagination": {
        "offset": 0,
        "limit": 10,
        "totalCount": 1
    },
    "accounts": [
        {
            "accountNumber": "585309209",
            "accountName": "SGSavings726",
            "accountType": "SAVINGS",
            "balanceDate": "2018-11-08",
            "currency": "SGD",
            "openingAvailableBalance": 84327.51
        }
    ]
}
```
### Account Transaction List
- Account Transaction List: GET http://localhost:8080/account/585309209/transactions 200
```json
{
    "status": "SUCCESS",
    "errors": null,
    "pagination": {
        "offset": 0,
        "limit": 100,
        "totalCount": 1
    },
    "transactions": [
        {
            "transactionId": "1",
            "accountName": "SGSavings726",
            "accountNumber": "585309209",
            "currency": "SGD",
            "valueDate": "2012-01-02",
            "amount": 9540.98,
            "transactionType": "CREDIT",
            "transactionNarrative": ""
        }
    ]
}
```

- Account Transaction List: GET http://localhost:8080/account/585309209/transactions 401
```json
{
    "status": "ERROR",
    "errors": [
        {
            "errorCode": "ACCOUNT_ACCESS_DENIED",
            "errorMessage": "You do not have permission to access this account.",
            "errorDetail": "User=2 doesn't have permission to access Account=585309209"
        }
    ],
    "pagination": null,
    "transactions": []
}
```

# Frameworks, Technologies, Architectures leveraged
- Spring boot
- Spring boot Web
- REST architecture
- Spring Data JPA
- Hibernate
- H2 Database
- Lombok
- Slf4j
- Mockito
- Junit5

# Unit Tests
- Unit tests are written, can be executed from Intellij or CLI by using below command.
```
mvn test
```

# Integration Tests
- Execute below maven goal
````
mvn test -Pintegration-tests
````

# TODO
- Add more logs for Splunk for better Observability & Monitoring
- Implement Pagination
- Add more data to H2 Database
- - Leverage Spring security
